# Date 
May 21 2018

# Attendees
Kirk, Joe, and Gajendra 

# Agenda
met to discuss about the initial design of the techstack of OSO as proposed by Gajendra here https://github.com/open-science-org/OSO/blob/master/OSO_design_v0.pdf.

Following items were discussed:
1) How do we actually map the real world identities to OSO identities (URI)?
- maybe use a KYC from a third party
- what about the we use of an academic institution as a certification authority (CA)? -for example, we can start with RIT students and researchers and map rit email with URI. Interesting!
- possible use of Decentralized PKI system?

2) how do we solve the phishing problem?
- TBD

# Next Steps
1) OSO members and contributors please comment here https://github.com/open-science-org/OSO/blob/master/OSO_design_v0.pdf 
to give your criticisms/feedback to the initial techstack design of OSO 
2) Gajendra will give more detail about the initial design he shared today
3) Dr. Gosik will propose alternative design mainly based on Blockstack
4) Request Abinash to flesh out the design of Idea Class and write a protoype in python here https://github.com/open-science-org/IPIS/blob/master/Idea.py

