# Date 
June 05 2018

# Attendees
Kirk and Gajendra 

# Agenda
met to discuss interplanetary idea system (IPIS) proposed by gajendra here https://github.com/open-science-org/IPIS

Following items were discussed:
1) Interplanetary Idea System (IPIS)
2) What are the sources and sinks of the OSO tokens ?
3) What can we do to make OSO takens stable? Or is it even necessary?
4) What are the possible attack vectors in IPIS?

All the discussions and questions will be documented in https://github.com/open-science-org/IPIS/blob/master/AttackVectorQuestions.md
Please add your own question if you want to.

# Next Steps
1) Gajendra will give more detail about IPIS
2) Gajendra will write a medium post about IPIS
3) Gajendra will answer the quesitons in https://github.com/open-science-org/IPIS/blob/master/AttackVectorQuestions.md